hey guys I'm bringing another tutorial
how to insult forage on your minecraft
Launcher
it's super super simple and it is it's
so simple somebody I'll show you so you
you download it in the description and
after a few tall done downloading it you
just have to double click it it's super
easy super easy to do double click it
and make sure it says install client it
make take a little while if you double
click an open it at first but no worries
about that just wait a little bit and
have insect-like make sure iam in select
client checked and I have to do it for
that just press ok and if you download
take a while to download and it should
say successfully install the client
profile forge mod loader or FML question
whatever you would your worship is using
what working you're using so here and
this is super simple so I'll have to do
to enable that Forge you just click on
edit profile here down below and here
press that little tab thingy scroll at
the bottom and it's just a forge a
one-point a force for me or whatever
whatever work should you using at the
moment and press it a safe profile and
click play and you can play Forge so
it's it's just show you let's show you a
demonstration of it so I think I have
some model salt so it should take a
while to load at first but no worries
about that ok let's make it low it's
gonna take a while to load if you have
any moss or just it takes a while to
load at first so no worries about that
no worry about that
so yeah it's loading at the moment so
I'll be right back on its unloading all
right it's some loading and it should
say about 3 miles loaded or less or more
whatever whooshing you're using it
shouldn't be a big thing but it should
say that the fort smart loader and
everything here but Micra forward to
everything here should be if the forge
worked as its supposed to do so I hope
you enjoyed this short
tutorial and it's rather simple to do so
hope you just enjoy your just enjoy your
fourth Mont loader and fit some moss and
do some amazing stuff so I like see you
guys for another tutorial in the future
good